feat(secu): update security policy to redirect to VDP (#33)
centreon/.github: SECURITY.md

---

# PGP information (Deprecated)

> Kindly do not send us a mail or report a flaw using the Github issues.

Reviewer: Github -> GitHub

> Kindly do not send us a mail or report a flaw using the Github issues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Kindly do not send us an email or report a flaw using the Github issues.
```

> Kindly do not send us a mail or report a flaw using the Github issues.

Author: ```suggestion
Kindly do not send us a mail or report a flaw using the GitHub issues.
```

> Kindly do not send us a mail or report a flaw using the GitHub issues.

Author: ```suggestion
Kindly do not send us an email or report a flaw using GitHub issues.
```

> Instead, use our [Vulnerability Disclosure Program](https://vdp.centreon.com) form 

Reviewer: Missing . at the end

> Instead, use our [Vulnerability Disclosure Program](https://vdp.centreon.com) form 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Instead, use our [Vulnerability Disclosure Program](https://vdp.centreon.com) form.
```
